{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\qc\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Color Code by Product of Divorce.\
\
For more information, visit: \
<{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://productofdivorce.com"}}{\fldrslt http://productofdivorce.com}}>\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 License Info:
\b0   This software is released for free for personal and commercial use.  If you appreciate it or know someone who will, please pass it on.  However, there is no warranty.  All software is provided AS IS and Product of Divorce takes no responsibility for any harm caused.  Always back up your data before trying anything new on it.\
\

\b Thank Yous:  
\b0 We want to say thank you to the Mozilla team, especially the Camino team, for providing such a large open source project that can help inspiring Cocoa/Carbon developers learn by example.  We want to thank the Sparkle development team for generously creating amazing software and frameworks.  Big thanks to the Growl team.  Their open source helped in the learning process of switching to Objective-C/Cocoa.  We would also like to thank DeviantArt user iAndrew for providing PDFs of his menubar artwork for download, which helped us make our icons possible (specifically the sync symbol).\
\
Mozilla - <{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.mozilla.com/en-US/"}}{\fldrslt http://www.mozilla.com/en-US/}}>\
Camino - <{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://caminobrowser.org/"}}{\fldrslt http://caminobrowser.org/}}>\
Sparkle - <{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://sparkle.andymatuschak.org/"}}{\fldrslt http://sparkle.andymatuschak.org/}}>\
Growl - <{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://growl.info/"}}{\fldrslt http://growl.info/}}>\
iAndrew - <{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://iandrew.deviantart.com/"}}{\fldrslt http://iandrew.deviantart.com/}}>}